examples: add first dev config (#199)
ObolNetwork/charon-distributed-validator-node: README.md

Check the Obol [docs](https://docs.obol.tech/docs/int/quickstart) for detailed instructions on how to get started using this repo.

# Examples

In the `examples/` directory, you will find a collection of docker compose configuration files that demonstrate various clients and 

> their configurations for running a Distributed Validator Node. These files are with filenames as {EL}-{CL}-{VC}.yml. For example, nethermind_lodestar_teku.yml, erigon_prysm_nimbus.yml, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their configurations for running a Distributed Validator Node. These files are with filenames as {EL}-{CL}-{VC}.yml. For example, if you wish to run Nethermind EL, Lodestar BN and teku VC, you can run nethermind_lodestar_teku.yml.
```
